hello to all guys from tfg on demand
let's say bruce survival game where
finally we create our kingdom
now he will also be renegotiating that
people will accept some days
they released it early with one
score
so guys and now but mine
kingdom boys and so we can go to
make some war not just the banks
Now let's see how I create my own
kingdom from a name to the king I call it tfg
wait tfg
the tfg on demand end number from a hard
excess disk that you created that
doing man to guy now there is now
let's see what can be done with the
mode to the kingdom goodbye guardhouse
he made the most empty menu in the kingdom
what this stuff is all this stuff is
new for me you see that he opened another
then I create what to do
kingdom war ranking of kingdoms
profile of the passions of the empty realm
pillars of the kingdom await
the right opportunity to try the
own value
the unoccupied man will put there but
what the fuck does it have to do then what is needed
to make tavern here it is here and still here
then enter meet i want to join the
reign if you want to join a
appennico discrimination head st
give me an okaka I get a case
global tfg on demand
if joined west the cases have already arrived
derivative agent its moment that
doing but if not me like there are all
second hand
how to put it at the moment is in the north or
towards something paoli ovest with yes because
your name is 09 now it's because I ca n't
try to keep a little mystery
I can't prove it I don't know I don't know
let's see how the fucking casino works
we are in 2nd test I can't try
dammit power I can not do anything not
later between trains how to set for
put on and take off as we have
made strofi of the kingdom after we will see how
it works we will have how they work
guys I don't know how it works
someone, however, a living in which I will explain
as since I can prove power
of the kingdom to a deputy cap
yes i want it how i do you have to do it
now I'm going to do the main and what
will be the portal of the kingdom by a troupe
and now let's live the portal of the kingdom
shit where I have to wait for one to come out
alley map I do battle ok see
a bit of a kid or boosted us
I don't want to see soldiers right away
that you are stronger than normal or yes
do shit to it was also unlocked
breakers guys are unlocked
wrecker now turn it on
battles shows with what kind of
troops are practically a species
of giants that attack only the defenses
they have 200 health instead of 80 ong
90 ca a soldier and to the same damage per
has much more health at damage for 300
against the walls ok so now guys
to destroy the wall just put
a soldier here is a tube been here and
put the breaker behind the other e
the wrecker as soon as it is placed
teacher you see that immediately destroys
the wall and as a boy I won the dragon
the Dragon
for once deployed you can use the
summing a throne a few seconds he
will make a flight that will freeze all the
surrounding defenses and even more
a lot to mask a scam well is
a scam is a kind of hero the dragon
I want it practically you can
win but the concert you among other things e
finishing our goblin campaign
exact known and dead dragon is dead
you will go the work put us the archers
I know from the second homes that I lose
you just lose monitor
filly de molina see if the quarry
well same little to see a lot of
two explosive companies the 95 but that ass
speeches donate larger ammunition
they have great weight then too
here is the team face
here 33 cm not to run almost
will weigh me the troops shoot and not death
they steal me their perfect putting
still a bad thing not mars
exceptional exceptional exceptional here
sees us that they will give you the bike complaining
dresses grace but precisely itanus
ok, not only the basic one, however, of the
little wind there are no troops
seen a great event even more than
an inner story
now guys there was a treaty
using only one must be used
demolishers but it is not that maybe you
write talk on chat
I don't know anyone now now
I admit demolishers de mori
let's see what happens just by attacking
mother breakers always drops therefore the
dragon if sandra the dragon you are time
pass a slot now we throw all the
breakers in the same place continues
cyan
let me give you green ray give from
shit demolishers first and foremost
the perfect dragon leaves so you don't see
that if you lose three seconds because each
33 seconds more used skills in place
you know well used here you see that now
practically every few seconds
you can use skills when he has
potential that will be strengthened beyond
the damage to life also strengthened
lucette the charging time of the south is there
therefore breakers are really books
they only attack the defenses you see but they are
dead must be taken seriously
joined by at least some archers ok
at least christmas never thrown out of why
They would have died anyway still see
that draw only 39 boys alone
of the monitors a bullshit
we just tell you the truth
sincerely as a troop I do not
I'm really excited about it
to unlock it never even medical three
messengers perhaps with an important one
written by boys and girls first
we'll see later
where i see guys after we do that
I'll show you the improvement you see
I'm improving and on the given level by
I reckon put our three
are then put two camps of the
level 3 soldiers to more life than to have
an encampment on the ground with solo
breakers trust you to do this and also
more exterminated damage inserts to this
point by itself you look at hunter
what happens the difference of
stick with the practice towards a
shitty village because it was
surely therefore I hate 4,000 we have
tried here beast in the sky gave
so much shit
we throw it so so and so
perfect now guys i will attack
you will like civic damon with the recovery in
construction in defense nature of balls
is under construction for the thing is this
everyone here but everything down after another one more
actually under construction
the part is fast forward
dedicated Canada and above all fair
defense of apples that had fish
balls is perfect
Now inter jato drive vii
municipio vinovo la text this
defense advice now we throw away
enlarged napoli what the bo of the bike
I think most people have said what sense
therefore he has boys for the three of death
and if you liked it I clicked I like it
to read before feed reader france
written important data in the messages
sophiazi has written nothing but especially for
the one who wrote you something
I'm a man I didn't understand if you can
have mag in the important written command
why it is important, do not be shit
you are not able thanks thank you up
Catalan known in the field